hey how's it going Dave QD here so I
want to make a video on the LG g6 and I
want to do this because there are a lot
of reviewers out there they're pegging
the g6 as like the inferior phone to the
s8 and I just want to share a slightly
different opinion from them now just
full disclosure both of these phones
were given to me I'm just this is not a
paid video or anything this is just
honest opinions about these phones so
the s8 it's an amazing phone hardware
specs are top of the line the software
isn't my favorite like I'm a stock
Android type of person but the hardware
is undeniably amazing the LG G 6 was
launched before the s8 and there was
some hype about it it was way better
than the g5 better than the g4 just an
all-round awesome phone but when you
compared to the s8 it's pretty easy to
dismiss the g6 as a weaker phone because
the design is more conservative and the
hardware specs are weaker it is cheaper
but a lot of reviewers have kind of come
to that conclusion slash question of
yeah the g6 is good but is it good
enough to purchase over the s8 now I'm
just trying to say that if I had to
spend my own money on either of these
phones it would be the g6 and here's why
I'm the type of user and I guess it's
kind of weird because I do tech reviews
but when it comes to smartphones specs
don't matter that much to me if a phone
has good usability and it's really good
at what I use my phone for I'm really
happy but if it has top-of-the-line
specs and it's not very good at doing
like the bread-and-butter stuff that I
need my phone to do I'm not going to be
happy and the g6 is better at doing what
I wanted to do than the s8 is okay when
I turn on the phone the facial
recognition and the iris stuff works
great on the s8 but I still prefer the
fingerprint sensor i unlock my phone
when I'm walking on the street or when
I'm lying in bed or waking up and I just
prefer to hold the phone instead of
bringing it up to my face the g6 has a
better location for the fingerprint
sensor the s8 it's fine it's just not as
good secondly is the camera both have
amazing cameras put on the g6 I like the
wide-angle thing especially with that
front facing camera I used to think
wide-angle stuff was kind of a gimmick
but there are times I want to get a
wide-angle shot and the g6 does it well
it's not every photo that I want to do
this with but the fact that I have the
option is
photos on the g6 are a bit oversaturated
you can always shoot it in manual but
overall really great photos now if i
zoom in and really stare the pixels I
would say the s8 is marginally better
but for what I use my smartphone for the
occasional wide-angle functionality just
wins it for me in terms of battery life
the g6 has a bigger battery but it's
also a less efficient processor than the
s8 so battery life itself a very similar
between them both have enough battery
for a full day of use okay the screen
without a doubt the infinity screen is
like the golden feature of the s8 it
looks incredible in videos and it looks
even better in real life it's awesome
the g6 also has a tall screen it doesn't
look as glamorous but it's also a looker
taller screens like these are great for
multitasking and having that extra
screen real estate is nice but here's
the thing the curved screen on the s8 is
not for me I know it looks really cool
but I just don't like using it they did
a great job this year with the frame to
make that edge way nicer to hold in the
s7 edge and the palm rejection is also
much improved but a curved screen is
still a curved screen and media
consumption on that is undeniably not
awesome the distortion on the edge just
looks weird the g6 gives you that big
screen without the curve that's not as
elegant and it doesn't look nearly as
like space-age or sweet but functionally
it's better the phone fits in my hands
better my eyes appreciate the flat
screen more and it's just straight-up
practical a curved screen looks super
cool but just has no purpose on a phone
and this kind of ties in to my last
thing the ergonomics the s8 feels nice
it's a big step up from the s7 edge way
nicer frame but when you hold it I feel
like I have to baby it it feels delicate
and even though it's comfortable to hold
it doesn't feel like I have a solid grip
on the phone the g6 gives the user a
much better grip it's beefier it's just
a more solid feel to the phone and when
I take this thing in and out of my
pocket 10 20 times a day
I just much prefer the way that the g6
physically handles now there are some
things I don't like
for most Android phones the colours on
the screen are a little oversaturated
the g6 isn't Antep like crazy but LG
doesn't have software to adjust this you
can shift the color but it's always
going to have that heavier side
raishin secondly the headphone jack up
on the top I use wireless headphones
most of the time but I've always
preferred audio jacks on the bottom and
the DAC in here is just like your
standard audio quality the g6 in career
or just certain parts of Asia will have
the higher quality Zack but in North
America we're getting boned the third
thing is the price I think it's priced a
little high in terms of just raw valley
when you exclude all the pre-order
incentives
I think the s8 has better value with the
g6 there are no headphones in the box
the s8 is a little bit more expensive
but you're getting headphones and more
storage so it's kind of weird to think
that a Samsung flagship at $750 is a
better deal but in comparison to this I
think it has slightly better value
alright just to close off here I'm not
ripping on the Galaxy s8 I think it's a
fantastic phone I think the hardware is
phenomenal but I don't think that
everyone's kind of usage case is the
exact same thing I think a lot of
reviewers are painting the s8 is just
like the best phone it just trumps the
g6 I disagree for some people myself
included the g6 is going to be a better
phone because because of the user
experience and here's the thing we're
getting set point where Android phones
like the flagship Android phones are
reaching like feature parity they all
have the exact same kind of performance
and they have just amazing cameras in
these really nice builds so what
separates them apart user experience and
everyone's user experience is going to
be slightly different
everyone wants a different experience I
like the g6 I think this is the phone
between the two for me and it may be for
you as well hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs be liked it subsidy loved
it I'll see you guys next time
[Music]